right the next secret is of course that
this is virtually cooked and now you've
got a few other ingredients you want to
add haven't you yeah so it's mango now I
found this very interesting because of
course back home we just put mango
ChaCha
but you want the fresh fruits itself
fresh mango in the tree I love it have
you
so let's actually have a nice little bit
though this Center I'll just take that
off beautiful fresh delicious fruit how
is it Nathan sweet you're happy okay
well I'm just going to cut it into sort
of chunks like that so we get that nice
little bite that's what it's all about
wonderful flavors right that's it
straight into the curry okay I also
notice here we've got you know some
shrimp
Georgia drop those in now right now and
it's interesting because these are
pretty big shrimps as you can see and
we're putting them in right at the last
moment because really it's only a
warming process we want isn't it so
literally almost stir them fruit that's
all of these in effect all of these
you're looking at about well anything
between two and three proportion will be
plenty and we've got some herbs here as
well this of course is two celery leaf
but at home the best thing to use really
is some coriander which you'll find in
so many curries and just parsley which
I'm gonna chop up soon and you're gonna
chop up some tomatoes great okay chef
let's give this another little stir to
loops you'll start to see the change in
color there we are that that's what I'm
talking about now nice and think they're
firming up nicely as soon as they hit
that pimp you know they're warm fruit
they're ready tomatoes in there chef
fantastic and well I think we're gonna
go in now with the celery leaves
sprinkle that in
we could all look at this it's so
colorful this is a very very colorful
version this is Grenier that do you know
what I love the most important thing to
me here this is the source that kind of
loose consistency and the parsley what
fun yeah
so let's actually start serving this up
you know you've got a dish like this
you're looking at it it looks
sensational the mango has started to
soften there and now there is sauce
galore to sprinkle on top that's
beautiful sensational chicken and rum
curry with shrimp
you